Perhaps there will come a time when all of this fades. Grasping at straws through a narrow hole that just doesnt seem to close. And it spite of it all, a force greater than mind aprroaches, and the inevitable must be seen before it can be heard. Perhaps all things are like this. Perhaps all things must be read before they are written...

Two o'clock now. Wasnt a very busy day, barely anyone came around. And as the clock began ticking further away, Jeff waited with eager breath to be relieved from his job.

A nice couch was waiting for him. He figured he could sleep in since he didnt have a shift tomorrow, and it didnt seem like anyone really came around this dingy gas station anyway. The janitor had left for the day, so the floors were clean, and the manager had told him to simply make sure all the shelves were restocked before he left.

So imagine the surprised look on his face when he came walking in. Dirty brown dishevled man, must've been in his late forties, with the most beaten up face you could imagine. Walking around the shelves with his brown overcoat, he started looking for something that just didnt seem to be there. He was a sight of a blur, one that Jeff did not want to deal with.

So Jeff reclined, waiting for the man to pick whatever he seemed eager for, as he decided that after the man left, it would be his turn as well. The manager simply told him to close when it was dead, and this man wasnt going to change his mind.

Something strange was happening. The man didnt seem to know what he wanted. Twice now he walked around the shelves, past the bathroom, and just staring. Staring intently at the cans and wrappers, looking far beyound what was right in front of him, his eyes never seeming to leave the shelves, and his entire face looking like it had been drained of emotion. What happened to this guy? It was like he was a zombie or something.

"Can I help you sir?"

 Nothing. Not even a slight indication that he heard him. Just kept walking around in circles. He had been doing this now for 5 mintues, and it started to freak Jeff out.

Should I call the cops? Is this something I have to be worried about? It had been a quiet day so far. Barely anthing had been removed, so restocking didnt take long. His car was right outside, so Jeff figured, if anything did happen, he could just make a run for it. But this guy didnt seem to have anything on him. If he was going to rob him, he wouldve done it by now. But even now, he just kept walking around, looking like he was trying to find something, but never breaking his focus.

"Listen, sir, the store is about to close soon, so if you need something, I would make it quick."

"Hello."

What. the. fuck.

This man, who had been walkng now for ten straight minutes, turns around like a robot, and speaks! His voice was gravelly, like rocks on the sand or something. You could tell by the timbre how old he was. Still faced still, with a face not worth looking at, and barely with a person behind it. 

"Yeah, are you looking for something in particular?"


Slow footsteps. Walking slow. Tip tap tip tap. Towards the counter by the door. Dead as a silent train moving through fog. Only the crickets provided company now when the only two people in the store were face to face, closer than Jeff wanted. Closer than Jeff even knew.

"And now the show begins."

Tears. Slow tiny tears rolling down the cheek of a boy. Eyes wide open towards a new face now. Darker. Much, Much Darker.

When a girl drops off a cliff, and the voice inside makes it way to the heart, he could feel it is his head, like a watermelon about to explode.

And as he stood silent in horror, the room shook violently. Flying boxes and frozen goods swirling around, magical tornadoes in the wind as if an atmosphere bowed, begging to fade quite literally behind the peripheries of darkness now beginning to surrounding his eyes.

And as the force from his feet buckled, and Jeff was left waiting helplessly on the ground, the old man has apparated into something more real. Something more insane.

Teeth with white water, dripping from his chin. A maniacal smile from ear to ear, with wide eyes full of black water. Ears turing pointed and long, reaching for the ceiling lights, and his tongue. His tongue was smiling.

"WHAT IS MY NAME?"

The words now sounded everywhere, even inside of Jeff. He could hear the thundering voice within him as he lay there helpless. Every time he tried to move, he couldnt. It was like his body was no longer his. All he could do was watch.

"WHATS MY FUCKING NAME!"

Jeff couldn't even move his mouth. The room had been vibrating for so long, he had started to forget where he even was. As he looked around to find something to hold, it all semmed to be melting. The counter that had seperated them now seemed as if it would fall on Jeff's head. As he tried to lay down, the enitre world seemed to shoot up, as he felt himself sinking down into a hole that wasn't there, spinning all the way through

He couldnt do anything. Just 30 minutes ago, he was planning on leaving. Going back home to his couch, and simply sleeping the day away. Wanting to sleep this shift off, now he could only endure whatever was happening. But even that seemed futile. Every time he tried getting up, the nausea would just push him back down.

But now, with all the stocked shelves flat on the ground, the building seeming as though it were flying, he couldnt do anything. He was helpless there. The funniest thought rolled back around his head. "What is my boss going to think?" But it was too late for that. He was gone now. Forced to watch, and begging for it to be over already.

And so, with more effort than he ever knew he had, just to speak a couple of words, Jeff responded with the last thing he would ever say.

"I DON'T KNOW!"

And with that, the man disappeared. 

Leaving nothing but the remains of his actions for the remnants to decipher.


 

